steam-dark-mode-hard-edges-lite/README.md, before:

# Steam Dark Mode

Use the Steam Dark Mode Tool to update and install the Dark Mode for Steam.
This Tool can also update all the files to the latest version!

Visit https://steamcommunity.com/groups/metroskin/discussions/0/1761356057412667612/ to check for updates.
join us on discord https://discord.gg/015OTigbS9wyJlBDP to discuss about upcoming releases and updates.

updater and installer are made with much love by **PhantomGamers.**

### Manual Installation
# Windows
    Head over to:
    "C:/Program files (86)/Steam/Skins/YourSkinName/resource"
    Copy or drag the files in, click replace, restart steam and all done!

# macOS
    Right click on Finder, select "Go to Folder..." and put this in the search path:
    ~/Library/Application Support/Steam/Steam.AppBundle/Steam/Contents/MacOS/skins/YourSkinName/resource
    Copy or drag the files in, click replace, restart steam and all done!
    
# Linux
    Open Terminal, copy and paste the following line:
    ~/.local/share/Steam/skins/YourSkinName/resource
    Copy or drag the files in, click replace, restart steam and all done!

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Beta Update 1.9

**What's New?**

    Dark Mode for Steam is now available with hard edges. (no rounded corners)
    A brand new all-in-one tool to update and install.
    A Tool to update the SteamDarkModeTool.
    In collaboration with PhantomGamers. https://github.com/PhantomGamers.
    Cleaned up the code.


*Made with love by* ***Shiina♪***


# Screenshots

<div class="container">
  <div class="mySlides">
    <div class="numbertext">1 / 2</div>
    <img src="https://image.prntscr.com/image/Rm4s_K_LQ6ikqNiDluTsZg.png" style="width:100%">
  </div>

  <div class="mySlides">
    <div class="numbertext">2 / 2</div>
    <img src="https://image.prntscr.com/image/cF43nT6gTb27zhHzYNRt0w.png" style="width:100%">
  </div>

Commit message:

Update Hard Edges Lite Readme

steam-dark-mode-hard-edges-lite/README.md, after:

# Steam Dark Mode -- Hard Edges Lite Variant
The Hard Edges Lite Variant of Steam Dark Mode offers a less customized version of Steam Dark Mode Hard Edges that fits the file size maximum of 31KB. This was made due to a bug that was introduced with Steam that causes larger webkit files to break Steam's ability to load webpages altogether. If you aren't experiencing this issue with the other versions, you can keep using them.

# Installation
Use the Steam Dark Mode Tool to update and install the Dark Mode for Steam.
This Tool can also update all the files to the latest version!

Visit https://steamcommunity.com/groups/metroskin/discussions/0/1761356057412667612/ to check for updates.
Join us on discord https://discord.gg/015OTigbS9wyJlBDP to discuss about upcoming releases and updates.

The updater and installer are made with much love by **PhantomGamers.**

### Manual Installation
# Windows
    Head over to:
    "C:/Program files (86)/Steam/Skins/YourSkinName/resource"
    Copy or drag the files in, click replace, restart steam and all done!

# macOS
    Right click on Finder, select "Go to Folder..." and put this in the search path:
    ~/Library/Application Support/Steam/Steam.AppBundle/Steam/Contents/MacOS/skins/YourSkinName/resource
    Copy or drag the files in, click replace, restart steam and all done!
    
# Linux
    Open Terminal, copy and paste the following line:
    ~/.local/share/Steam/skins/YourSkinName/resource
    Copy or drag the files in, click replace, restart steam and all done!

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Beta Update 1.9

**What's New?**

    Dark Mode for Steam is now available with hard edges. (no rounded corners)
    A brand new all-in-one tool to update and install.
    A Tool to update the SteamDarkModeTool.
    In collaboration with PhantomGamers. https://github.com/PhantomGamers.
    Cleaned up the code.


*Made with love by* ***Shiina♪***


# Screenshots

<div class="container">
  <div class="mySlides">
    <div class="numbertext">1 / 2</div>
    <img src="https://image.prntscr.com/image/Rm4s_K_LQ6ikqNiDluTsZg.png" style="width:100%">
  </div>

  <div class="mySlides">
    <div class="numbertext">2 / 2</div>
    <img src="https://image.prntscr.com/image/cF43nT6gTb27zhHzYNRt0w.png" style="width:100%">
  </div>
